Sophos app docs (#4486)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-09-02-apps.md

---
title: Sophos (Apps)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - sophos
  - apps
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We're excited to announce the release of our new Sophos app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages the Sumo Logic Cloud-to-Cloud Sophos source to collect the alerts and events logs using the [Sophos Central APIs](https://developer.sophos.com/), thus helping you with robust security monitoring and threat detection capabilities.
> 
> Check out our technical documentation [here](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/sophos/) to learn how to set up and use the Sophos app for Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to introduce the new Sophos App for Sumo Logic. This app leverages the Sumo Logic Cloud-to-Cloud Sophos source to collect alerts and event logs through the [Sophos Central APIs](https://developer.sophos.com/), providing you with robust security monitoring and threat detection capabilities.

Explore our technical documentation [here](https://github.com/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/sophos/) to learn how to set up and use the Sophos app for Sumo Logic.
```
